account_check_printing_report_dlt103/README.rst, before:


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

====================================
Account Check Printing Report DLT103
====================================

This module allows you to print DLT103 lined checks.

See https://www.google.es/search?q=dlt103


Configuration
=============

Go to 'Settings / Users / Companies' and assign the check format 'DLT103'.


Usage
=====

* Go to 'Invoicing / Purchases / Payments'. Select one of the payments with
  type 'Check' and print the check.


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/96/9.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-payment/issues>`_. In case of
trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.


Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@eficent.com>
* Lois Rilo Antelo <lois.rilo@eficent.com>


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] adjust alignment adding dependency to report_paper_wkhtmltopdf_params

account_check_printing_report_dlt103/README.rst, after:


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

====================================
Account Check Printing Report DLT103
====================================

This module allows you to print DLT103 lined checks.

See https://www.google.es/search?q=dlt103


Installation
============
In order to install this module you must first install also the module
'report_paper_wkhtmltopdf_params', available in
https://github.com/OCA/server-tools


Configuration
=============

Go to 'Settings / Users / Companies' and assign the check format 'DLT103'.


Usage
=====

* Go to 'Invoicing / Purchases / Payments'. Select one of the payments with
  type 'Check' and print the check.


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/96/9.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-payment/issues>`_. In case of
trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.


Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@eficent.com>
* Lois Rilo Antelo <lois.rilo@eficent.com>


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
